Add HACKING.md (#551)
abrt/libreport: HACKING.md

# Hacking on Libreport

Here's where to get the code:

    $ git clone https://github.com/abrt/libreport.git
    $ cd libreport/

> The remainder of the commands assume you're in the top level of the

Reviewer: assumes

Reviewer 2: It’s definitely also used as a plural noun as well, but not sure what prescriptivists have to say about that.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Mirek, s/assume/assume**s**/

```markdown
Collective nouns usually take **is**, but you can use **are** if you need to
emphasize the individuals who belong to the group.
```
[https://www.grammarly.com/blog/is-vs-are/](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/is-vs-are/)

Author: Updated @mkutlak

Libreport git repository checkout.

## Building

1. Install dependencies

    First you should install all dependent packages.

    Dependencies can be listed by:

        $ ./autogen.sh sysdeps

    or installed by:

        $ ./autogen.sh sysdeps --install

    The dependency installer gets the data from [the rpm spec file](libreport.spec.in)

2. Build from source

>     When you have all dependencies installed you can now build a rpm package by these commands:

Reviewer 2: Also, “by using these commands”? Or maybe “with these commands”.

        $ ./autogen.sh
        $ make rpm

    Now in the `build` folder you can find a rpm packages both in `noarch` and `x86_64` (or your
            architecture) directories.

### Testing

> Easiest way how to test everything (build, run tests) is to make rpm build (see,

Reviewer 2: “To make rpm build” sounds very awkward. “To build an rpm”?

> Easiest way how to test everything (build, run tests) is to make rpm build (see,

Author: make rpm build directly refers what needs to be done 'make rpm'. But sure, will update

>         *2. Build from source in Building chapter*).

Reviewer 2: Actually the original is also correct (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-marking_in_English). “A source” would be confusing, since it doesn’t refer to anything specific.

For running only tests execute:

    ./autogen.sh
    make check

(Note: If you put any arguments to `./autogen.sh` command, put also `--prefix=/usr` for all tests to
 work correctly)

If you need to only rerun one specific test:

    cd tests
    AUGEAS_LENS_LIB="/usr/share/augeas/lenses:<clone_path>/augeas" ./testsuite <n>

where \<clone\_path\> is path to your top level of the Libreport git repository checkout and \<n\> is
number of the test.

If you make changes in a test, before running it again, execute:

    make  atconfig atlocal ./testsuite

## Contributing a change

### Basic git workflow:

1. Fork the Libreport repository (hit fork button on https://github.com/abrt/libreport)

2. Clone your fork

> 3. Checkout to a new branch in your clone (`git checkout -b <name_of_branch>`)

Reviewer 2: “Checkout” is technically a noun. :p 

“Switch to a new branch”?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Create and check out a new branch in your clone (`git checkout -b <name_of_branch>`)
```

Reviewer 4: Couldn't refuse to try out the new toy "Insert a suggestion".
